# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile scripts/requirements/airflow.in --output-file scripts/requirements/compiled/airflow.txt
adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
    #   msrestazure
adlfs==2024.4.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
aiobotocore==2.13.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   s3fs
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   alibabacloud-tea
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-livy
    #   apache-airflow-providers-databricks
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   facebook-business
    #   gcsfs
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   databricks-sql-connector
alibabacloud-adb20211201==1.3.5
    # via apache-airflow-providers-alibaba
alibabacloud-credentials==0.3.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-spi
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-endpoint-util==0.0.3
    # via alibabacloud-adb20211201
alibabacloud-gateway-spi==0.0.1
    # via alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-openapi-util==0.2.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-adb20211201
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea==0.3.6
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-credentials
    #   alibabacloud-endpoint-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-xml
alibabacloud-tea-openapi==0.3.9
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-adb20211201
    #   apache-airflow-providers-alibaba
alibabacloud-tea-util==0.3.12
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-adb20211201
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea-xml==0.0.2
    # via alibabacloud-tea-openapi
aliyun-python-sdk-core==2.15.1
    # via
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-kms
    #   oss2
aliyun-python-sdk-kms==2.16.3
    # via oss2
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-segment
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
ansicolors==1.1.8
    # via papermill
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
apache-airflow==2.9.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-airbyte
    #   apache-airflow-providers-alibaba
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-cassandra
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-drill
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hdfs
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-iceberg
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-impala
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-livy
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-pig
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-pinot
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-spark
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apprise
    #   apache-airflow-providers-arangodb
    #   apache-airflow-providers-asana
    #   apache-airflow-providers-atlassian-jira
    #   apache-airflow-providers-celery
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cloudant
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cohere
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-io
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-databricks
    #   apache-airflow-providers-datadog
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dingding
    #   apache-airflow-providers-discord
    #   apache-airflow-providers-docker
    #   apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch
    #   apache-airflow-providers-exasol
    #   apache-airflow-providers-fab
    #   apache-airflow-providers-facebook
    #   apache-airflow-providers-ftp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-github
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-airflow-providers-grpc
    #   apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   apache-airflow-providers-imap
    #   apache-airflow-providers-influxdb
    #   apache-airflow-providers-jdbc
    #   apache-airflow-providers-jenkins
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-mssql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-psrp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-winrm
    #   apache-airflow-providers-mongo
    #   apache-airflow-providers-mysql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-neo4j
    #   apache-airflow-providers-odbc
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openai
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openfaas
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
    #   apache-airflow-providers-opensearch
    #   apache-airflow-providers-opsgenie
    #   apache-airflow-providers-oracle
    #   apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty
    #   apache-airflow-providers-papermill
    #   apache-airflow-providers-pgvector
    #   apache-airflow-providers-pinecone
    #   apache-airflow-providers-postgres
    #   apache-airflow-providers-presto
    #   apache-airflow-providers-qdrant
    #   apache-airflow-providers-redis
    #   apache-airflow-providers-salesforce
    #   apache-airflow-providers-samba
    #   apache-airflow-providers-segment
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sftp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-singularity
    #   apache-airflow-providers-slack
    #   apache-airflow-providers-smtp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sqlite
    #   apache-airflow-providers-ssh
    #   apache-airflow-providers-tableau
    #   apache-airflow-providers-tabular
    #   apache-airflow-providers-telegram
    #   apache-airflow-providers-teradata
    #   apache-airflow-providers-trino
    #   apache-airflow-providers-vertica
    #   apache-airflow-providers-weaviate
    #   apache-airflow-providers-yandex
    #   apache-airflow-providers-zendesk
apache-airflow-providers-airbyte==3.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-alibaba==2.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-amazon==8.22.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam==5.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-cassandra==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-drill==2.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid==3.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-hdfs==4.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive==8.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-iceberg==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-tabular
apache-airflow-providers-apache-impala==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin==3.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-livy==3.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-pig==4.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-pinot==4.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apache-spark==4.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-apprise==1.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-arangodb==2.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-asana==2.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-atlassian-jira==2.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-celery==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-cloudant==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes==8.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink
apache-airflow-providers-cohere==1.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-common-io==1.3.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-common-sql==1.13.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-drill
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-pinot
    #   apache-airflow-providers-databricks
    #   apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch
    #   apache-airflow-providers-exasol
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-airflow-providers-jdbc
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-mssql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-mysql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-odbc
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
    #   apache-airflow-providers-oracle
    #   apache-airflow-providers-postgres
    #   apache-airflow-providers-presto
    #   apache-airflow-providers-slack
    #   apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sqlite
    #   apache-airflow-providers-teradata
    #   apache-airflow-providers-trino
    #   apache-airflow-providers-vertica
apache-airflow-providers-databricks==6.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-datadog==3.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud==3.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-dingding==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-discord==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-docker==3.11.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch==5.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-exasol==4.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-fab==1.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-facebook==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-ftp==3.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-github==2.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-google==8.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-grpc==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-http==4.11.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-airbyte
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-livy
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dingding
    #   apache-airflow-providers-discord
apache-airflow-providers-imap==3.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-influxdb==2.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-jdbc==4.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-jenkins==3.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure==10.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-mssql==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-psrp==2.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-winrm==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-mongo==4.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-mysql==5.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-neo4j==3.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-odbc==4.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-openai==1.2.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-openfaas==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-openlineage==1.7.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-opensearch==1.2.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-opsgenie==5.6.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-oracle==3.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-papermill==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-pgvector==1.2.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-pinecone==1.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-postgres==5.11.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-pgvector
apache-airflow-providers-presto==5.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-qdrant==1.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-redis==3.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-salesforce==5.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-samba==4.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-segment==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sftp==4.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-singularity==3.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-slack==8.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-smtp==1.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-snowflake==5.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite==3.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-ssh==3.11.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sftp
apache-airflow-providers-tableau==4.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-tabular==1.5.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-telegram==4.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-teradata==2.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-trino==5.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-vertica==3.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-weaviate==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-yandex==3.11.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-zendesk==4.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-beam==2.56.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam
apispec==6.6.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
apprise==1.8.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apprise
argcomplete==3.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
asana==3.2.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-asana
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-livy
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
    #   apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   scramp
    #   snowflake-connector-python
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
asyncssh==2.14.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-sftp
atlasclient==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow
atlassian-python-api==3.41.13
    # via apache-airflow-providers-atlassian-jira
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   looker-sdk
    #   openlineage-integration-common
    #   openlineage-python
    #   referencing
    #   zeep
authlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   weaviate-client
azure-batch==14.2.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   msrest
azure-cosmos==4.7.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
    #   papermill
azure-identity==1.16.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   papermill
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.8.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-kusto-data==4.4.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.1.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.3.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-datafactory==7.1.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg==3.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt-datalake-store
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==0.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg
azure-mgmt-resource==23.1.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-mgmt-storage==21.1.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via azure-mgmt-nspkg
azure-servicebus==7.12.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-storage-blob==12.20.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   papermill
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.15.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-storage-file-share==12.16.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.18.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
azure-synapse-spark==0.7.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
babel==2.15.0
    # via flask-babel
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    #   pendulum
    #   trino
    #   tzlocal
bcrypt==4.1.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-atlassian-jira
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   redshift-connector
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bitarray==2.9.2
    # via impyla
black==24.4.2
    # via papermill
blinker==1.8.2
    # via apache-airflow
boto3==1.34.106
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   cohere
    #   papermill
    #   pyathena
    #   redshift-connector
    #   watchtower
botocore==1.34.106
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   boto3
    #   pyathena
    #   redshift-connector
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-session
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   zenpy
cassandra-driver==3.29.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-cassandra
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via looker-sdk
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-celery
    #   flower
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   influxdb-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   msrest
    #   opensearch-py
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cgroupspy==0.2.3
    # via apache-airflow
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ciso8601==2.3.1
    # via pinotdb
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   atlasclient
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   geomet
    #   hmsclient
    #   papermill
    #   presto-python-client
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via connexion
cloudant==2.15.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-cloudant
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
cohere==5.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-cohere
colorama==0.4.6
    # via flask-appbuilder
colorlog==4.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
configupdater==3.2
    # via apache-airflow
confluent-kafka==2.4.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka
connexion==2.14.2
    # via apache-airflow
crcmod==1.7
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   oss2
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via apache-airflow
croniter==2.0.5
    # via apache-airflow
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   adal
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-core
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
    #   asyncssh
    #   authlib
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   msal
    #   oracledb
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pypsrp
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   smbprotocol
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yandexcloud
curlify==2.2.1
    # via facebook-business
databricks-sql-connector==2.9.6
    # via apache-airflow-providers-databricks
datadog==0.49.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-datadog
db-dtypes==1.2.0
    # via pandas-gbq
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   gssapi
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via tableauserverclient
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   limits
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pygithub
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-beam
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-mongo
    #   email-validator
    #   eventlet
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pymongo
docker==7.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-docker
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
docutils==0.20.1
    # via python-daemon
elastic-transport==8.13.0
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.13.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
entrypoints==0.4
    # via papermill
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
eventlet==0.36.1
    # via apache-airflow
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
facebook-business==19.0.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-facebook
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   cohere
    #   hdfs
fasteners==0.19
    # via apache-beam
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-fab
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-appbuilder==4.4.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-fab
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
flask-caching==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-jwt-extended==4.6.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-limiter==3.7.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-fab
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-session==0.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flower==2.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-celery
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.5.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   apache-airflow
    #   gcsfs
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyathena
    #   s3fs
    #   universal-pathlib
future==1.0.0
    # via pyhive
gcsfs==2024.5.0
    # via papermill
geomet==0.2.1.post1
    # via cassandra-driver
gevent==24.2.1
    # via apache-airflow
google-ads==24.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-container
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datacatalog
    #   google-cloud-dataform
    #   google-cloud-dataplex
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-dataproc-metastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-memcache
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-orchestration-airflow
    #   google-cloud-os-login
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-redis
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-texttospeech
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-cloud-workflows
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-airflow-providers-grpc
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-container
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datacatalog
    #   google-cloud-dataform
    #   google-cloud-dataplex
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-dataproc-metastore
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-memcache
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-orchestration-airflow
    #   google-cloud-os-login
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-redis
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-workflows
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-airflow-providers-grpc
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-ads
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.51.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.4.3
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-automl==2.13.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-bigquery==3.23.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer==3.15.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-bigtable==1.7.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-build==3.24.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-container==2.45.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-cloud-datacatalog==3.19.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-dataform==0.5.9
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-dataplex==2.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-dataproc==5.9.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-dataproc-metastore==1.15.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-dlp==1.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-kms==2.23.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-language==1.3.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-logging==3.10.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-memcache==1.9.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-monitoring==2.21.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-orchestration-airflow==1.12.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-os-login==2.14.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-pubsub==2.21.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-redis==2.15.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.3
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==1.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-spanner==1.19.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-speech==1.3.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-storage==1.44.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-tasks==2.16.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-texttospeech==1.0.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-translate==1.7.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-videointelligence==1.16.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-vision==1.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-cloud-workflows==1.14.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-re2==1.1.20240501
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-celery
    #   apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
    #   apache-airflow-providers-fab
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   yandexcloud
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via apache-airflow
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   eventlet
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-datacatalog
    #   google-cloud-dataform
    #   google-cloud-dataplex
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-dataproc-metastore
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-tasks
grpcio==1.64.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-grpc
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-gcp
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
    #   yandexcloud
grpcio-gcp==0.2.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   google-api-core
grpcio-health-checking==1.62.2
    # via weaviate-client
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-spark
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio-tools==1.62.2
    # via
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
gssapi==1.8.3
    # via pyspnego
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via apache-airflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hdfs
    #   apache-beam
hmsclient==0.1.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   cohere
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   msgraph-core
    #   openai
    #   pinotdb
    #   python-telegram-bot
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via cohere
huggingface-hub==0.23.1
    # via tokenizers
humanize==4.9.0
    # via flower
hvac==2.2.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
ijson==3.2.3
    # via
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   sqlalchemy-drill
importlib-metadata==7.0.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   python-arango
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   limits
    #   pendulum
impyla==0.19.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-impala
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   connexion
influxdb-client==1.43.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-influxdb
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-papermill
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   scrapbook
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   msrest
    #   python3-saml
    #   zeep
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jaydebeapi==1.2.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-jdbc
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   python-nvd3
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-core
    #   apache-airflow-providers-amazon
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jpype1==1.5.0
    # via jaydebeapi
js2py==0.74
    # via apache-beam
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
jsonpath-ng==1.6.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-amazon
jsonpickle==3.0.4
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-beam
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   nbformat
    #   scrapbook
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbformat
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
krb5==0.5.1
    # via pyspnego
kubernetes==29.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
kubernetes-asyncio==29.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes
kylinpy==2.8.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
ldap3==2.9.1
    # via apache-airflow
limits==3.12.0
    # via flask-limiter
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via apache-airflow
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-daemon
loguru==0.7.2
    # via pinecone-client
looker-sdk==24.8.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   python3-saml
    #   redshift-connector
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
lz4==4.3.3
    # via databricks-sql-connector
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown==3.6
    # via apprise
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via apache-airflow
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
methodtools==0.4.7
    # via apache-airflow
microsoft-kiota-abstractions==1.3.2
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   msgraph-core
microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure==1.0.0
    # via msgraph-core
microsoft-kiota-http==1.3.1
    # via msgraph-core
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
    #   simple-salesforce
msal==1.28.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
msgraph-core==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
multi-key-dict==2.0.3
    # via python-jenkins
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
mysql-connector-python==8.4.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-mysql
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-mysql
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via papermill
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   papermill
neo4j==5.20.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-neo4j
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   db-dtypes
    #   openai
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pgvector
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pyarrow
    #   qdrant-client
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
objsize==0.7.0
    # via apache-beam
openai==1.30.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-openai
openlineage-integration-common==1.14.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
openlineage-python==1.14.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
    #   openlineage-integration-common
openlineage-sql==1.14.0
    # via openlineage-integration-common
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via databricks-sql-connector
opensearch-py==2.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-opensearch
opentelemetry-api==1.24.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   microsoft-kiota-abstractions
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp==1.24.0
    # via apache-airflow
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.24.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.24.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.24.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp
opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus==0.45b0
    # via apache-airflow
opentelemetry-proto==1.24.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.24.0
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-abstractions
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.45b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
opsgenie-sdk==2.1.5
    # via apache-airflow-providers-opsgenie
oracledb==2.2.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-oracle
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
orjson==3.10.3
    # via apache-beam
oss2==2.18.5
    # via apache-airflow-providers-alibaba
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-beam
    #   apispec
    #   black
    #   connexion
    #   db-dtypes
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jpype1
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   msal-extensions
    #   openlineage-python
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pyexasol
    #   python-arango
    #   redshift-connector
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
    #   tableauserverclient
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
    #   apache-airflow-providers-exasol
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-airflow-providers-presto
    #   apache-airflow-providers-salesforce
    #   apache-airflow-providers-trino
    #   apache-airflow-providers-weaviate
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   db-dtypes
    #   hdfs
    #   openai
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   scrapbook
    #   yandex-query-client
pandas-gbq==0.23.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
pandas-stubs==2.0.3.230814
    # via openai
papermill==2.6.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-papermill
    #   scrapbook
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sftp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-ssh
    #   sshtunnel
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via python-jenkins
pdpyras==5.2.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via apache-airflow
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pgvector==0.2.5
    # via apache-airflow-providers-pgvector
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pinecone-client==2.2.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-pinecone
pinotdb==0.4.8
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-pinot
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
    #   zeep
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
plyvel==1.5.1
    # via apache-airflow
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via
    #   msal-extensions
    #   qdrant-client
presto-python-client==0.8.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-presto
prison==0.2.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   flower
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-container
    #   google-cloud-datacatalog
    #   google-cloud-dataform
    #   google-cloud-dataplex
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-dataproc-metastore
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-memcache
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-orchestration-airflow
    #   google-cloud-os-login
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-redis
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-workflows
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-container
    #   google-cloud-datacatalog
    #   google-cloud-dataform
    #   google-cloud-dataplex
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-dataproc-metastore
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-memcache
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-orchestration-airflow
    #   google-cloud-os-login
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-redis
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-workflows
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   proto-plus
    #   yandexcloud
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via apache-airflow-providers-postgres
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pure-sasl==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyhive
    #   thrift-sasl
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==14.0.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam
    #   apache-beam
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   papermill
    #   scrapbook
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   ldap3
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-ldap
pyathena==3.8.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-amazon
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via facebook-business
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via
    #   oss2
    #   teradatasql
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cohere
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pydata-google-auth==1.8.2
    # via pandas-gbq
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pydruid==0.6.9
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid
pyexasol==0.25.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-exasol
pygithub==2.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-github
    #   papermill
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyhive==0.7.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via js2py
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
    #   python-arango
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yandexcloud
pykerberos==1.2.4
    # via apache-airflow
pymongo==4.7.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-mongo
    #   apache-beam
pymssql==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-mssql
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-odbc
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-google
    #   pyexasol
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
pypsrp==0.8.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-psrp
pyspark==3.5.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-spark
pyspnego==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pypsrp
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   smbprotocol
python-arango==7.9.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-arangodb
python-daemon==3.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   analytics-python
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-beam
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   croniter
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   influxdb-client
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   openlineage-python
    #   opensearch-py
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pyhive
    #   time-machine
    #   trino
    #   vertica-python
    #   yandex-query-client
    #   zenpy
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-docker
python-http-client==3.3.7
    # via sendgrid
python-jenkins==1.8.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-jenkins
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via apache-airflow
python-nvd3==0.16.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-nvd3
python-telegram-bot==21.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-telegram
python3-saml==1.16.0
    # via apache-airflow
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   babel
    #   croniter
    #   flask-babel
    #   flower
    #   neo4j
    #   pandas
    #   redshift-connector
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trino
    #   zeep
    #   zenpy
pywinrm==0.4.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-winrm
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   apprise
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   google-ads
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   openlineage-python
    #   papermill
    #   pinecone-client
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
qdrant-client==1.9.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-qdrant
reactivex==4.0.4
    # via influxdb-client
redis==5.0.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-redis
    #   apache-beam
    #   celery
redshift-connector==2.1.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-amazon
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.32.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   alibabacloud-tea
    #   analytics-python
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-databricks
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   apache-airflow-providers-influxdb
    #   apache-beam
    #   apprise
    #   asana
    #   atlasclient
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   cloudant
    #   cohere
    #   connexion
    #   curlify
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   datadog
    #   docker
    #   facebook-business
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hvac
    #   kubernetes
    #   looker-sdk
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   openlineage-python
    #   opensearch-py
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   oss2
    #   papermill
    #   pdpyras
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinotdb
    #   presto-python-client
    #   pydruid
    #   pygithub
    #   pypsrp
    #   python-arango
    #   python-jenkins
    #   pywinrm
    #   redshift-connector
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy-drill
    #   tableauserverclient
    #   trino
    #   weaviate-client
    #   yandex-query-client
    #   yandexcloud
    #   zeep
    #   zenpy
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via zeep
requests-kerberos==0.14.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   hdfs
requests-ntlm==1.2.0
    # via pywinrm
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   asana
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   python-arango
    #   zeep
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via apache-airflow
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-limiter
    #   rich-argparse
rich-argparse==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pyexasol
s3fs==2024.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
scramp==1.4.5
    # via redshift-connector
scrapbook==0.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-papermill
sendgrid==6.11.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
sentry-sdk==2.2.1
    # via apache-airflow
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via apache-airflow
setuptools==70.0.0
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   influxdb-client
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pycountry
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   python-arango
    #   python-daemon
    #   redshift-connector
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
shapely==2.0.4
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via apache-airflow-providers-salesforce
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   asttokens
    #   atlasclient
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   azure-core
    #   facebook-business
    #   geomet
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   impyla
    #   isodate
    #   js2py
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   msrestazure
    #   opensearch-py
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   oss2
    #   pinotdb
    #   presto-python-client
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jenkins
    #   pywinrm
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
    #   thrift-sasl
    #   vertica-python
    #   wirerope
    #   yandexcloud
    #   zenpy
slack-sdk==3.27.2
    # via apache-airflow-providers-slack
smbprotocol==1.13.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-samba
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.10.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy==1.5.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spython==0.3.13
    # via apache-airflow-providers-singularity
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-drill
    #   sqlalchemy-jsonfield
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   teradatasqlalchemy
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.11.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-google
sqlalchemy-drill==1.1.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-apache-drill
sqlalchemy-jsonfield==1.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
sqlalchemy-redshift==0.8.14
    # via apache-airflow-providers-amazon
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-ssh
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starkbank-ecdsa==2.2.0
    # via sendgrid
statsd==4.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
std-uritemplate==0.0.57
    # via microsoft-kiota-abstractions
tableauserverclient==0.25
    # via apache-airflow-providers-tableau
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   papermill
    #   pyathena
teradatasql==20.0.0.12
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-teradata
    #   teradatasqlalchemy
teradatasqlalchemy==20.0.0.1
    # via apache-airflow-providers-teradata
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
thrift==0.16.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-apache-hive
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   hmsclient
    #   impyla
    #   pyhive
    #   thrift-sasl
thrift-sasl==0.4.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   impyla
    #   pyhive
time-machine==2.14.1
    # via pendulum
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via cohere
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   flower
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   papermill
    #   pinecone-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbformat
trino==0.328.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-trino
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via pandas-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via cohere
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   alembic
    #   annotated-types
    #   anyio
    #   apache-beam
    #   asgiref
    #   asyncssh
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   black
    #   cattrs
    #   cohere
    #   flask-limiter
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   kombu
    #   limits
    #   looker-sdk
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygithub
    #   reactivex
    #   rich
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   js2py
    #   trino
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via apache-airflow
universal-pathlib==0.2.2
    # via apache-airflow
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   docker
    #   elastic-transport
    #   influxdb-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   opensearch-py
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   pdpyras
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pygithub
    #   python-arango
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tableauserverclient
    #   yandex-query-client
uv==0.1.45
    # via apache-airflow
validators==0.28.1
    # via weaviate-client
vertica-python==1.3.8
    # via apache-airflow-providers-vertica
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via apache-airflow
watchtower==3.2.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-amazon
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weaviate-client==4.6.3
    # via apache-airflow-providers-weaviate
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pyexasol
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
wirerope==0.4.7
    # via methodtools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
xmlsec==1.3.14
    # via python3-saml
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via pywinrm
yandex-query-client==0.1.4
    # via apache-airflow-providers-yandex
yandexcloud==0.282.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-yandex
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zeep==4.2.1
    # via simple-salesforce
zenpy==2.0.49
    # via apache-airflow-providers-zendesk
zipp==3.18.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.4
    # via gevent
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via apache-beam
